{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13320\viewh11540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Many responsive design frameworks, including Bootstrap 4, UIkit 2 and 3, and Foundation 6, contain a Flexbox-based grid system. (In the case of Foundation 6, you must activate a Sass variable to turn this on, then recompile the CSS. By default, offers a float-based grid.)\
\
If you do not know Flexbox, there are several great resources for getting started:\
\
Flexbox Froggy game: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://flexboxfroggy.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://flexboxfroggy.com/}}\
\
Flexbox Defense game: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.flexboxdefense.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.flexboxdefense.com/}}\
\
CSS Tricks A Complete Guide to Flexbox: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/"}}{\fldrslt https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/}}\
\
Mozilla Dev Network Flexbox reference: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout}}\
\
When to Use Flexbox: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://brolik.com/blog/when-to-use-flexbox/"}}{\fldrslt http://brolik.com/blog/when-to-use-flexbox/}}\
\
11 things I learned reading the Flexbox spec: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hackernoon.com/11-things-i-learned-reading-the-flexbox-spec-5f0c799c776b"}}{\fldrslt https://hackernoon.com/11-things-i-learned-reading-the-flexbox-spec-5f0c799c776b}}\
\
\
*** 
\b Doing layouts with Flexbox is a hack.
\b0  Ideally, we don\'92t do this. But then, layouts with floats are ALSO a hack. The best way to lay out a web page is with CSS Grid. Unfortunately, there is little browser support for this right now. We will continue hacking until it is widely supported! ***\
\
A great place to start to learn about Flexbox-based grid systems: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://flexboxgrid.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://flexboxgrid.com/}}\
\
Look in the start folder for part 10. This is a copy of all of your float-based files we\'92ve created so far. I have renamed them all so you know they are dealing with flexbox.\
\
Open grid-flexbox.html and styles-flexbox.html\
\
Our HTML remains the same. We can work with the rows and columns we already have. However, we need to change the grid formatting.\
\

\f1 /* grid system */\
\
/* row class is the flexbox parent. Col classes are flexbox children */\
.row \{\
	display: flex;\
	flex: 0 1 auto;\
	flex-flow: row wrap;\
\}\
[class*='col-'] \{\
	margin-left: 4%;\
\}\
.col-1-2, .col-1-4 \{\
	flex: 0 0 20%;\
\}\
.col-2 \{\
	flex: 0 0 44%;\
\}\
.col-3 \{\
	flex: 0 0 68%;\
\}\
.col-4 \{\
	flex: 0 0 92%;\
\}\
.col-push-1 \{\
	order: 2;\
\}\
.col-pull-3 \{\
	order: 1;\
\}\
\
/* Mobile Landscape Screen Sizes */\
@media only screen and (min-width: 480px) and (max-width: 767px)  \{\
 	 .col-1-2,\
	 .col-2 \{\
		flex: 0 0 44%;\
		margin-left: 4%;\
	\}\
	 .col-1-4,\
	 .col-3,\
	 .col-4 \{\
		flex: 0 0 92%;\
	\}\
\
\}\
\
@media only screen and (max-width: 479px) \{\
\
	.col-1-2, \
	.col-1-4,\
	.col-2,\
	.col-3,\
	.col-4 \{\
		flex: 0 0 92%;\
	\}\
\}\
\
\

\f0 Move to index-flexbox.html \'97 remove the two script tags in the footer of the document that deal with equal height. You don\'92t need them! The page should look great after that.\
\
Move to inside-flexbox.html \'97 here we need to adjust ordering:\
\

\f1 .col-push-1 \{\
	order: 2;\
\}\
.col-pull-3 \{\
	order: 1;\
\}\
/* switching columns */\
@media(max-width: 767px)\{\
	.col-push-1 \{\
		order: 1;\
	\} \
	.col-pull-3 \{\
		order: 2;\
	\}\
\}\

\f0 \
}